# CSUP-Data-Visualization

Put here one line about your project.

This project is Weather Map which shows the weather forecast for cities.

### Project Overview

* Write summary about your project. Minimum 300 words.

What I am dealing with in this project is Weather Map which shows the weather forecast for certain cities of Montenegro, with the possibility of using this website to get the weather forecast for other parts of the world that are displayed on the world map.
This Weather Map serves us at any time to know the current weather forecast for the city we live or want to travel to, where we may need the weather for that place, or possibly if the weather is bad not to embark on the desired journey to a destination .
The task of the paper is to realize one virtual reality application, which displays weather information in selected cities.
It is also possible to easily extend the application with additional city data.
The big challenge in designing work is realizing an application with a user-friendly response time, and that the application does not saturate the user with too much information at one time.
Therefore, it is necessary to find the right amount of information that will be presented in order for the application to function optimally in terms of the amount of data displayed and for the response to be satisfactory.
I will design my project as a website that will have several functions (Select city, Enter city, Find city on map and Click on map).
First of all, the website shows us a map where we will show the locations of the cities for which we have prepared to show the weather. After selecting a specific city from the drop-down list or entering the city name in the search box text, the city will be displayed on the map and its weather forecast - its temperature, cloudiness, humidity, wind speed, wind direction, pressure and its coordinates.
Google Map is used to select a location and get latitude and longitude and geo-information to be taken from some 20 cities in Montenegro and other cities in the world and to forecast weather information.
Geographic data will be visualized.


### Logical View

* Place here figure that depicts logical overview of your project. (You can use draw.io).


### Technology Stack

* Describe here technology stack you are using.

Google Map is a free web mapping and site-based service, and the Google service provider provides a free web API for using the Google map web interface and geospatial data visualization.
The system uses free API services from service providers to collect and use timely geospatial data and web mapping services.
Technologies used:HTML, CSS and Bootstrap library, javaScript and jQuery library, Weather data in json format, AJAX get() method...

